Planify Application - Privacy Policy


Introduction: We are working on a final year project for scheduling tasks in Middle East Technical University in the Computer Engineering Department within the CENG492 Design II course as a group of students. This privacy policy is meant to clarify data usage and is intended for only the group, fellow students and our supervisors until completion of the application.

Information Collection: Our application will read events from a user’s Google Calendar and write newly scheduled events to their Calendar. It will also keep a user’s Google email address for authentication at sign-in.


How Information is Collected: Information is collected through user input, by providing their Google email address and authenticating access to their Google Calendar events data.


Use of Information: We will be collecting email addresses for user registration for authentication and communication purposes. We will also access Google Calendar events data to read a user’s events into our database, and write new events scheduled by our system to their Google Calendar.


Data Sharing: The data collected will not be shared with any other parties, it will solely be handled by our system.


Data Security: We utilize the OAuth2.0 authentication workflow to allow users to grant access to the required scopes for our application, which is stored in a token secured using hashing to prevent misuse of it.


Data Retention: Data will be retained until the end of the academic project, after which we will determine if the application has any future development prospects. In such a case, we will attempt to publish it as a full-fledged user application.


User Rights: Users have the right to access their stored events data, correct their personal information, which will be deleted from our system on deleting their account.


Changes to the Privacy Policy: The privacy policy may be updated over the course of the academic project, depending on the changes implemented to our implementation. We will notify users via their contact details if a change is made, allowing them to opt out of our application if desired.



Contact Information: The email addresses to contact for queries about our project are:

Nihal Taşcı, Ahmet Burak Kocabörek, Tahira Kazimi, Basim Dar, Hana Elboghdady
Members' emails: e226468@metu.edu.tr, e239601@metu.edu.tr, e241535@metu.edu.tr, e248926@metu.edu.tr, e245556@metu.edu.tr 


